Such an indomitable man is not
He's a god.
Thank you for saving my daughter
Xiaoxian touches the gods without eyeballs
Please forgive me.
Ask God for forgiveness
Shangxian even you
Is there really no way?
Ask God for forgiveness
I was wrong as long as you don't kill me
I'll be a dog for you in the future
You told me to go east
You will never go west
Are you quite sensible?
That's a good idea. This kind of person is worse than a dog
Better be blind
Yes, the Lord asked me to chop him up with an axe
Let him be a dog
What about people?
It's really become a dog
How is this done?
He's become a dog!
The Lord is really powerful, Shen Yan
You're next.
self-funded cultivation
Or the dead old man cultivated for more than 600 years
There must have been a Great Zhou since the Emperor founded the Great Zhou
It seems that the gas cloud of Great Zhou is really broken.
Let the old man become a waste at his own expense
It's better than a hundred
Right
Rather die than be faithful
He has the backbone of a cultivator
Then I will fulfill you
I'll give you a whole corpse.
The living old man is here to pick you up
Yang Fan stays on the front line
Don't do everything too well.
god
Who is talking